 
                          Victorex, Inc.
            Documentation re Website Reservation Availablity File
  Information provided to eEnterprise per non-disclosure agreement
       This information remains the property of Victorex, Inc.
                         [bldwrs5.txt]

Copyright (c) 2007, Victorex, Inc.  All rights reserved.

Revision history
[03/13/07] Fixed notes on UAV'SPLR, added scaling factor;jvk
[12/22/08] Chged bathrooms. Half baths are now tenths vice halves,
           which provides the capability for specifying multiple half-
           baths;jvk
[09/30/09] Fixed name of wduavl.dat (said .idx);jvk
[04/02/14] Minor comment changes, no changes of substance;jvk

There are two files:
  wduavl.idx    Ascii text file-indexes the data file. Contains one
                line of information for each unit (property) in the
                availability file. Usually sorted by sortkey, but is
                initially created in unit ID sequence.  Contains fields
                as follows.  Each field is separated by a comma. There
                in one special end-of-file record (see below).
    Unit ID:    8-characters, all uppercase, with one embedded space:
                    2-character location code (see separate table)
                    1-character space
                    1-character property type: C=condo, H=house
                    4-digit property number, with leading zeros as needed.
                       In general, first two digits represent max occupancy
                       for the unit, but this info is more reliably available
                       elsewhere
   *Sort Key:   10-character sort key. File is usually sorted in decending
                order. This results in all available A+ units listed first,
                then A units, then A- units. Within each grade, the units
                with the least future bookings are listed first. Within
                units with same occupancy factor, highest priced units are
                listed first.
                Sort key is constructed as follows:
                    2-character quality field (numeric, higher is better)
                      (73=A+, 72=A, ... 65=C-)
                    2-character future occupancy field (numeric, lower
                      is more occupied, higher is less occupied, 99 is
                      no future occupancy)
                    6-digit price factor, highest priced units first. Numeric
                      with leading blanks. Value is standard daily rate.
    Unit Index: Starts at zero, incremented for each unit in file. It is
                used when index file is sorted to find the unit record in
                the availability file. Index for unit one corresponds to
                record one in the availability file.
    Quality:    Same as first 2-characters of sort key.              
    Bedrooms:   Number of bedrooms (1 to 6)                 
    Bathrooms:  Number of baths. Each half bath is one tenth.
    Max Occp:   Maximum occupancy                          
    SqFt:       Area of property in square feet
    DescCodes:  One to seven 4-character description codes (see table)

    At the end of the file there is a special 16-byte EOF record, which
      contains "eof" for the unit ID, a comma, then a 12-byte date and time
    stamp (YYYYMMDDHHSS) in place of the sort key. If it is missing,
    the file should be considered corrupted.

Page 2


  wduavl.dat    This must be treated as a binary file, even though
                much of the data contained therein is ASCII. It
                does contain nulls. It is composed of 965-byte fixed 
                length records, with NO line endings (no CR or LF),
                except at the end of the file where there is a CRLF pair).
                The record structure is as follows. (All data is ASCII
                unless otherwise specified)
    Flag:       1-byte start of record flag (^)
    Unit ID:    8-byte unit ID (same format as index file)
    Beg Date:   8-bytes: Beginning date for availability data (YYYYMMDD)
    Nr Days:    4-bytes: Nr of days of data in file (currently 800)
    2-Day Rate: Six 5-byte fields, one for each of six rate tables. This
                is the basic 2-day rate. All rates are expressed in whole
                dollars. This rate should not be used. See rate calcs.
    XtraDay:    Six 5-byte fields, one for each of six rate tables. Used
                for all rate calcs.
    Weekly:     Six 5-byte fields, one for each of six rate tables. Not
                currently used, weekly rate is calculated from the extra
                day rate
   *MinStay:    Six 5-byte fields, one for each of six rate tables. Contains
                minimum stay requirements for each rate period, in days.
                Higher minimums may apply, depending on season, this is
                a lower minimum that cannot generally be overriden. NOT USED
    SecDep:     5-byte security deposit amount (whole dollars)
    CleanFee:   5-byte cleaning fee (used in rate calculations). (whole
                dollars)
    Tax Rate:   5-byte decimal (n.nnn) tax rate (12%=0.120)
   *Tax Flags:  Five bytes used for tax rules which vary by tax district
                1-byte: 0=forfeited rent not taxed, cancel fees not taxed
                        1=forfeited rent taxed, but not cancel fees
                        2=forfeited rent and cancel fees taxed
                1-byte: 1=cleaning fee included in rent is taxable
                1-byte: NOT USED
                1-byte: 1=reservation fee taxable, but not on canceled rsvns
                        2=reservation svc fee taxable on canceled rsvns (but
                          not applicable, as rsf is not charged on canceled
                          reservations.)
                1-byte: 1=booking fee is taxable (but not on canceled rsvns)
                        2=booking fee is taxable on canceled reservations
    Max Occup:  2-byte numeric with maximum occupancy (also in index file)
   *MinStayFlg: 1-byte flag. When set (non-zero) cannot put less than
                minimum stay reservation in a "window" that exactly
                fits the reservation request. NOT IN CURRENT USE.
   *Spl Tax:    1-byte flag. Used for per diem tax rate. Usually zero,
                when non-zero it contains the per diem tax rate multiplied
                by 10 that must be added to the tax calculated using the
                tax rate (30 is $3/day).
    AvailArray: Array of 800 binary (not ASCII) bytes, for each of next
                800 days starting with the beginning date.  Each byte is
                coded as follows:
                  0  (null) Date is not available
                 #0  Date is available.  Rate table in effect is stored
                     in low 4 bits (1 to 6).  Minimum stay requirements
                     are stored in high four bits (2 to 7, generally).

    Last 16 bytes contain end-of-file flag the same as for the index file.
If missing, consider the file corrupted and/or incomplete. If present,
the date and time stamp should match the date and time stamp in the
index file, else the files are not a pair.

Page 3

  
  Files named xduavl.idx/dat and zduavl.idx/dat are older, recently
outdated (usually within an hour), copies of the wduavl.idx/dat files.
These older copies are retained in the event that the tranfer of the most
recent file is interrupted, leaving a corrupted file pair in place.
The search engine will detect the corruption and will rollback to
the next best set of files which are not corrupted. [This only applies
to the implementation on the original LTA website, which is no longer
operating.]


